1.What is an Algorithm?

a.A set of instructions that, when executed, completes a defined task that solves a problem.
b..The process of breaking apart a problem.
c.The process of removing unnecessary detail.
d.A sequence of instructions.

ans-a.

2. Multiple Choice
How do we represent the complexity of an algorithm?
a.Big-R
b.Big-O
c.Big-N
d.Big-A

ans-b.

3. Multiple Choice
What is meant by the time complexity of an algorithm?
a.The amount of time required to solve a particular problem
b.How difficult a problem is to solve
c.How many lines of code are required to solve a problem
d.How quickly a solution can be developed

ans-a.(Rate of time increases wrt input size)

4. Multiple Choice
What two pieces of information allow you to analyse an algorithm?
a.Time Complexity
b.Space Complexity
c.Size Complexity
d.Complex Complexity
e.Simplicity Complex

ans-a and b.

5. Multiple Choice
What does the big-O notation show?
a.The effectiveness of an algorithm
b.The amount of time required to solve a particular problem
c.How difficult a problem is to solve
d.How many lines of code are required to solve a problem
e.How quickly a solution can be developed

ans- a.

6. Multiple Choice
What does a constant time complexity mean?
a.The amount of time taken to complete an algorithm is independent to the number of inputted elements
b.The amount of time taken to complete an algorithm is independent from the number of elements inputted.
c.The amount of time taken to complete an algorithm is proportional to the number of items inputted to the power of n
d.The amount of time taken to complete an algorithm is proportional to 2 to the power of the number of items inputted.
e.The time taken to complete an algorithm will increase at a smaller rate as the number of elements inputted.

ans-a. 

7. Multiple Choice
How do you reduce the space complexity?
a.Try to complete all of the operations on the same data set
b.You reduce the amount of embedded for loops, and then reduce the amount of items you complete the operations on i.e. divide and conquer

ans-a.

8. Multiple Choice
How do you reduce the time complexity of an algorithm?
a.You reduce the amount of embedded for loops, and then reduce the amount of items you complete the operations.
b.Try to complete all of the operations on the same data set

ans- a.



